.TH hydra 1 "" "" "USER COMMANDS"

.SH NAME
hydra \- a multi-system emulator frontend

.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBhydra\fR [\fI\,OPTION\/\fR]... [\fI\,FILE\/\fR]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Hydra is a multi-system emulator frontend. Unlike most emulators, it doesn't come preinstalled
with systems you can run your games on.
Instead, the systems (called cores) must be downloaded and placed in Hydras core directory.
.PP
Cores are shared libraries that emulate one or more systems. Hydra communicates with these cores
using the Hydra core API.
.IP
<https://github.com/hydra-emu/core>
.PP
Learn more about Hydra by reading the wiki.
.IP
<https://github.com/hydra-emu/hydra/wiki>
.PP

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-o, \-\-open\-file=<\fIPATH\fR>
open a file using a previously specified core or the first available core for this file extension

.TP
\fB\-c, \-\-use\-core=<\fINAME\fR|\fIFILENAME\fR>
force usage of an installed core

.TP
\fB\-b \-\-discord\-bot
open in headless mode to use the discord bot

.TP
\fB\-l, \-\-list\-cores
list installed cores

.TP
\fB\-f, \-\-frontend\fR=<\fIqt\fR|\fIimgui\fR|\fIserver\fR>
select the frontend to use

.TP
\fB\-p, \-\-print-settings\fR
print system information along with the settings.json file

.TP
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
print this help message

.TP
\fB\-v, \-\-version\fR
print version information

.SH FILES
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/hydra
Default directory for configuration data.

.TP
.I $HOME/.config/hydra/settings.json
Path to main configuration file.

.TP
.I $HOME/.cache/hydra
Default directory for cache data. (Why? See
<http://standards.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/latest/>)

.SH BUGS
Bug tracker:
.IP
<https://github.com/hydra-emu/hydra/issues>

.SH AUTHOR
The Hydra team \- <https://github.com/hydra-emu>